---
title: "Presentation on Generative Models and Their Applications"
collection: talks
type: "Talk" #Tutorial
permalink: /talks/2024-12-21-GMA
venue: "University of Kashan"
date: 2024-12-21
location: "Kashan, Iran"
---
I was invited by the University of Kashan AI Association to deliver a presentation on generative models and their applications. The presentation was structured into several sections, each focusing on different aspects of generative models.

- **Introduction to Generative Models:** 
    - Discussed what generative models are and their relationship to AI.
    - Explained the difference between generative models and discriminative models.
    - Provided an overview of how generative models work.

- **Types of Generative Models:**
    - Introduced different types of generative models.
    - Focused on three common types: VAEs (Variational Autoencoders), GANs (Generative Adversarial Networks), and Diffusion models.
    - Examined and compared the strengths and weaknesses of each type.

- **Applications in Various Domains:**
    - Reviewed applications of generative models in Computer Vision, Natural Language Processing, and multi-modal settings.
    - Introduced notable models and papers for each application.

- **Interactive Examples and Discussion:**
    - Demonstrated customized examples of outputs from famous generative models.
    - Discussed the outputs in terms of their details, strengths, and weaknesses.
    - Concluded with a discussion on ethical challenges in AI and generative models.


**Links:**

- [Presentation Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/17OLZIFYBAkP9_M1ldY5JvUw-7c8wrY2VI06Kdv8uY9w/edit?usp=sharing)
- [LinkedIn Post](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/ali-iranpour-854b41320_seminar-on-generative-models-and-their-ugcPost-7278312147934236672-WUge?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_desktop)

